This is a Jesse James ballad sung by May Kennedy McCard, June the 5th, 1939.
Jesse James, he was a man who was known throughout the land.
For Jesse, he was bold and bad and brave.
But the dirty little coward that murdered Mr. Howard when it lay poor Jesse in his grave.
It was on a Friday night.
The moon was shining bright.
Robert Ford had been hiding in his cave.
He could eat of Jesse's bread and slept in Jesse's bed, but he went and laid poor Jesse in his grave.
Jesse had a wife that mourned him all night.
The children, they were brave.
But the dirty little coward that murdered Mr. Howard went and laid poor Jesse in his grave.
Brother Frank to drop the gallatin bank and carry the money from the town.
There Frank and Jesse did the same.
And they ate it on his knees, delivered up the keys to the outlaws of Frank and Jesse James.
Jesse had a wife to mourn him all alive.
His children, they were brave.
But the dirty little coward that murdered Mr. Howard, oh, and it laid poor Jesse in his grave.
How the people held their breath when they heard of Jesse's death and wondered how he ever come to die.
But it was a sneaking coward, the dirty Robert Ford, that shot Jesse James on the fly.
Jesse had a wife who mourned him all alive.
The children, they were brave.
But the dirty little coward that murdered Mr. Howard, went and laid poor Jesse in his grave.
Jesse went to rest with his hands upon his breast.
The devil, he will look him in the face.
He was born one stormy day in the county of Oakley and came from a solitary race.
Jesse had a wife to mourn him all night.
His children, they were brave.
But the dirty little coward that murdered Mr. Howard was a late poor Jesse in his grave.